Tweak documentation (#4)
Automattic/git-conceal: README.md

<table><tr height="40px">
<td width="150px"><img alt="icon" src="Icon.png" width="128px" height="128px" /></td>

> <td>This tool provides transparent encryption of files in Git repositories using a symmetric key.<br />

Author: I make this mistake often because I'm so use to reading and typing `git` for the CLI command. But when referring to Git the software in a sentence, it should be capitalized as any other proper noun.

For reference, see how https://git-scm.com/about is worded.

Its goal is to allow you to store some secret files as encrypted in an otherwise public repo.</td>
</tr></table>

> Inspired by [git-crypt](https://github.com/AGWA/git-crypt). Written in Rust fore first-class **cross-platform support**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspired by [git-crypt](https://github.com/AGWA/git-crypt). Written in Rust for its first-class **cross-platform support**.
```

- **No GPG Support**: Unlike `git-crypt`, only symmetric keys are supported (no GPG key management).
- **File Metadata**: File names, commit messages, and other metadata are not encrypted.
- **File Size**: Encrypted files are not compressible by Git.

> ## New Releases

Author: FWIW, Claude noticed the following:

>   This is contributor/maintainer info that a user doesn't need. Consider moving to a CONTRIBUTING.md file.

I like the idea but it seems overkill at the moment.
